Update architecture.md (#753)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/details/architecture.md

# Architecture

> PMM is a client/server application built by us with our own and third-party open-source components and tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PMM is a client/server application built by Percona comprising its own and third-party components and tools.```

<!-- The source of this image is maintained at https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOPgKgrE=/ -->

![!image](../_images/C_S_Architecture.jpg)

## PMM Server

> PMM Server is the heart of PMM. It receives data from clients, collects it and stores it. Metrics are drawn as tables, charts and graphs within [_dashboards_](dashboards/), each a part of the web-based [user interface](../using/interface.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PMM Server is the heart of PMM. It receives data from clients, collects it, and stores it. Metrics are drawn as tables, charts and graphs within [_dashboards_](dashboards/), each a part of the web-based [user interface](../using/interface.md).
```

The PMM Server package provides:

- `pmm-managed`
- Query Analytics
- Grafana
- VictoriaMetrics

### PMM Server

![!image](../_images/PMM_Architecture_Client_Server.jpg)

PMM Server includes the following tools:

- Query Analytics (QAN) enables you to analyze database query performance over periods of time. In addition to the client-side QAN agent, it includes the following:

  - QAN API is the back-end for storing and accessing query data collected by the QAN agent running on a PMM Client.

>   - QAN App is a web application for visualizing collected Query Analytics data (part of PMM Server's UI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - QAN App is a web application for visualizing collected Query Analytics data which is part of the PMM Server's UI.
```

- Metrics Monitor provides a historical view of metrics that are critical to a MySQL or MongoDB server instance. It includes the following:

  - [VictoriaMetrics](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics), a scalable time-series database. (Replaced [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io) in [PMM 2.12.0](../release-notes/2.12.0.md).)
  - [ClickHouse](https://clickhouse.com) is a third-party column-oriented database that facilitates the Query Analytics functionality.
  - [Grafana](http://docs.grafana.org) is a third-party dashboard and graph builder for visualizing data aggregated (by VictoriaMetrics or Prometheus) in an intuitive web interface.

>   - [Percona Dashboards](https://github.com/percona/grafana-dashboards) is a set of dashboards for Grafana developed by us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Percona Dashboards](https://github.com/percona/grafana-dashboards) is a set of dashboards for Grafana developed by Percona.
```
